welcome to the show that's like the cool
uncle that doesn't care how late you
stay up or what the hell you watch on TV
scam school the only show dedicated to
social engineering at the bar and on the
street I'm Brian brushwood and while
you're doing scams at the bar sooner or
later you're gonna run into someone
who's had too much to drink or is a
little too pushy about what he wants you
to do and when that happens you rely on
the thumb cuffs
show me some show me it you think you're
hot stuff you're talking all that crap
let's go alright what do you like
tomorrow tomorrow tomorrow what do you
like to drink
I'm Sara beers here a lot Sierra beer
you know come on Sierra Nevada that's it
you dig it
that's my mutant I get all right hold I
love it it makes me happy I'm glad I'm
glad to hear something that brings joy
to your life here's what I want you to
do you're right you're gonna dig this
alright put your arms up drop your hands
okay hands hands - right
alright so your zoologist know you're
totally gonna do this alright here we go
do this right you're gonna bring it down
oh yeah
like that all the way down there you
going alright here we go
alright I get that balanced will give
the bells you got it oh you have a great
evening better ticket
that's that's it
you boggling my mind like that that's
how that's how you get rid of somebody
who won't leave you we can we can put it
back we can put it back but that is
pretty hey everybody that is for you joy
thank you thank you now the thumb cuffs
is a great way to get rid of somebody
who's had too much to drink or is too
pushy but nobody's gonna applaud for you
because after all it is sort of a dick
move you're doing if you have any
success stories of how the thumb cuffs
has worked for you plus them at the
boards at revision3.com
slash scam school any questions write me
directly at brian at revision3.com
and until next what are we doing next
week Oh
next week we'll actually be learning how
to make dental floss out of used tissue
paper until then I'm gonna have a
beverage